README.md, before:

ORMAN is an experimental ORM framework for Java aimed to support ISO SQL:1999 standard. Coded purely in Java SE with no dependencies.

Designed to be able to handle simple and common cases of SQL usage in CRUD projects.

Project Aims
============

* SQL Query Builder
* Mapping classes to database tables and their fields to the columns, respectively.
* Writing pure SQL queries or queries with entity and relationship names and their fields.
* Supporting querying and persisting instances to the database with simple Java methods.
* Handle one-to-one, many-to-one, one-to-many, many-to-many data modeling cardinalities.
* Support MySQL and SQLite (requires JDBC and some other dependencies for SQLite)
* Support for SQLite on Android devices with existing libraries.
* Provide transaction manager and query execution container.

Dev Community
=============

Feel free to write wikis (if you understand how framework works) or follow
commit logs by subscribing to our commit-logs list at [groups.google/orman-commits](http://groups.google.com/group/orman-commits).

Stats
=====

You can reach some framework statistics at http://ahmetalpbalkan.com/ormanstats

Contributors
============

* [Ahmet Alp Balkan](https://github.com/ahmetalpbalkan)
* [Oguz Kartal](https://github.com/0ffffffffh)
* [Berker Peksag](https://github.com/berkerpeksag)

Commit message:

request gc upon mapping session start. removed&suppressed warnings, modified README.

README.md, after:

ORMAN is an experimental ORM (object relational mapping) framework for Java
aimed to support ISO SQL:1999 standard. Coded purely in Java SE with no dependencies.

Designed to be able to handle simple and common cases of SQL usage in CRUD projects.

Using ORMAN, you can save Java objects to the database and query the database without
writing SQL statements. It is small, lightweight, works on Android devices, as well as 
Java desktop applications.

Project Aims
============

* SQL Query Builder
* Mapping classes to database tables and their fields to the columns, respectively.
* Writing pure SQL queries or queries with entity and relationship names and their fields.
* Supporting querying and persisting instances to the database with simple Java methods.
* Handle one-to-one, many-to-one, one-to-many, many-to-many data modeling cardinalities.
* Support MySQL and SQLite (requires JDBC and some other dependencies for SQLite)
* Support for SQLite on Android devices with existing libraries.
* Provide transaction manager and query execution container.

Dev Community
=============

Feel free to write wikis (if you understand how framework works) or follow
commit logs by subscribing to our commit-logs list at [groups.google/orman-commits](http://groups.google.com/group/orman-commits).

You can reach some framework statistics at http://ahmetalpbalkan.com/ormanstats

Contributors
============

* [Ahmet Alp Balkan](https://github.com/ahmetalpbalkan)
* [Oguz Kartal](https://github.com/0ffffffffh)
* [Berker Peksag](https://github.com/berkerpeksag)
